---
title: "the project"
bg: blue
color: white
fa-icon: laptop
---

# Features

<div class='row display-flex'>

<div class='col-xs-12 col-sm-4 col-md-4 col-lg-4'>
<div class='feature-icon'><i class='fa fa-code fa-2x'></i></div>
<div class='feature-title'>Open source</div>
<p class='feature-body'>This project is open source and is hosted on GitHub. We offer it freely to the community of developers so they can learn, experiment and improve it.
The Arduino script is developed in C ++, which communicates with the Raspberry Pi through a serial interface in which you are listening to a script developed with Python.
The Raspberry Pi communicates with the exterior through web services deployed in Google Cloud Platform.</p>
</div>

<div class='col-xs-12 col-sm-4 col-md-4 col-lg-4'>
<div class='feature-icon'><i class='fa fa-lock fa-2x'></i></div>
<div class='feature-title'>Google Cloud Services</div>
<p class='feature-body'>We have developed web services in Python that integrate with Firebase and are hosted in Google Cloud Platform.
These services are responsible for managing the information of users who will use the Candy Point and communicate with the Raspberry Pi to identify the user and detect whether they are a registered user or not.
They also manage the points of each user and therefore decide whether a user can open the Candy Point or not.
If a user is not registered, a PIN is provided with which the user can register on the platform through a chatbot developed with DialogFlow and that you can see on this page.</p>
</div>

<div class='col-xs-12 col-sm-4 col-md-4 col-lg-4'>
<div class='feature-icon'><i class='fa fa-mobile fa-2x'></i> <i class='fa fa-tablet fa-2x'></i> <i class='fa fa-desktop fa-2x'></i>
</div>
<div class='feature-title'>Arduino & Raspberry PI</div>
<p class='feature-body'>Although to carry out this project it would have been enough to use a Raspberry Pi to manage both the communication with the rest of sensors and devices and the communication with the web services deployed in Google Cloud Platform, we decided to use an Arduino Uno board as well as a Raspberry Pi 3 with didactic purposes to show how you can work on both projects simultaneously and that each device is responsible for managing what it is best prepared for.</p>
</div>

</div>


